Runway | Building AI to Simulate the World Research Product Resources Solutions Company Enterprise Sales Login Try Runway Building AI to Simulate the World Get Started Runway Characters ↗ Media and Entertainment ↗ Robotics and Autonomy ↗ General World Models ↗ We partner with the world&#x27;s leading organizations to advance their industries: AI is changing how stories are told, how scientific progress is made and how the next frontiers of humanity are reached. Learn more Gen-4.5: A New Frontier for Generative Video Gen-4.5 is the world&#x27;s best video model, featuring state-of-the-art motion quality, prompt adherence and visual fidelity. Try now Learn more Learn more GWM Robotics: General World Models for Robotics Simulate physical interactions and robotic behaviors through learned world models. Learn and predicted how actions unfold. Explore the Research Learn more GWM Worlds: Interactive and Explorable World Models A new frontier for open-ended interactive world simulation. A way of building infinite explorable realities in real-time. Explore the Research Learn more GWM Avatars: Real-time Video Agents Fully autonomous and real-time virtual video agents capable of natural conversation and contextual awareness. Try now Learn more Runway Research We are building foundational General World Models that will be capable of simulating all possible worlds and experiences. The next frontier of intelligence will come from models that can understand, perceive, generate and act in the world. Learn more GWM-1 ↗ A state-of-the-art General World Model built to interact with the real world. And a major step towards universal simulation. Gen-4.5 ↗ The world&#x27;s best video model, featuring state-of-the-art motion quality, prompt adherence and visual fidelity. General World Models ↗ Our long-term research effort to build AI systems that understand the visual world and its dynamics. Our latest Research and Products Learn more Runway Characters A real-time video agent API that lets you build fully custom conversational characters. These video agents can have any appearance and any visual style, with full control over voice, personality, knowledge and actions. Built on our recently launched world model, GWM-1, Characters lets you generate expressive digital personas from a single image, with zero fine-tuning required. Learn more Learn more Introducing GWM-1 GWM-1: our state-of-the-art General World Model, built to simulate reality in real time. Interactive, controllable and general-purpose. GWM-1 comes in three variants: GWM Worlds for explorable environments, GWM Avatars for conversational characters, and GWM Robotics for robotic manipulation. Learn more Learn more Gen-4.5: A new frontier for video generation. Runway Gen-4.5 is the world&#x27;s top-rated video model, offering unprecedented visual fidelity and creative control. It produces cinematic and highly realistic outputs while providing limitless creative freedom and precise control over every aspect of generation. Learn more Runway is being used by the world&#x27;s leading organizations across industries Runway and NVIDIA Partner to Advance Video Generation and World Models Runway and NVIDIA collaborated to accelerate Runway&#x27;s video and world models with NVIDIA&#x27;s Vera Rubin architecture. Learn more Runway Announces Partnership with Lionsgate Runway and Lionsgate are partnering to explore the use of AI in film production. Learn more UCLA&#x27;s Department of Film, Television and Digital Media How UCLA&#x27;s Film, Television and Digital Media program empowers students to experiment with AI in filmmaking. Learn more How KPF is incorporating AI into Architectural workflows How KPF is using Runway to streamline rendering workflows and empower creatives to animate architectural projects in-house. Learn more We are building AI to simulate the world through merging art and science. Join our global team of researchers, engineers, artists and designers. See careers Product Explore Examples Characters GWM-1 General World Models Robotics Gen-4.5 Aleph 2.0 Act-Two API Initiatives AI Summit 2026 ↗ Studios AI Film Festival ↗ Gen:48 Academy ↗ Resources Creative Partners Program Runway Builders Company Our Research Publications Careers About Us Customer Stories News Talent Network ↗ Safety Get Started For Enterprises For Education Login Pricing Help Center ↗ Data Security Changelog Connect Press Partnerships Brand Guidelines Meetups ↗ Twitter ↗ Instagram ↗ YouTube ↗ Discord ↗ © 2026 Runway AI, Inc. / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy / California Notices Code of Conduct / System Status / English