Meshy API Docs - Official Guides & Plugin Reference Docs Search docs... K Open Web App Getting Started Introduction Quickstart Authentication Errors Pricing Rate Limits Asset Retention Webhooks AI Integration Changelog API Endpoints Text to 3D v2 Image to 3D Multi Image to 3D Remesh Convert Resize UV Unwrap Rigging Animation Retexture Text to Image Image to Image Multi-Color Print Analyze Printability Repair Printability Balance Creative Lab APIs Keychain Fridge Magnet Figure Lamp Blender Plugin Introduction Bridge to Blender Model Analysis Model Cleanup Model Editing Model Export Animated Models Godot Plugin Introduction Bridge to Godot Animated Models Unity Plugin Introduction Bridge to Unity Animated Models Roblox Plugin Introduction Bridge to Roblox Unreal Plugin Introduction Bridge to Unreal Animated Models Troubleshooting Omniverse Plugin Introduction Bridge to Omniverse Maya Plugin Introduction Bridge to Maya Animated Models 3dsMax Bridge Introduction Bridge to 3dsMax Animated Models ZBrush Plugin Introduction Bridge to ZBrush 3D Printing Platforms Introduction Flash Studio Snapmaker Orca Bambu Studio OrcaSlicer Creality Print Elegoo Slicer Ultimaker Cura Lychee Slicer Open Web App Introduction Welcome to the Meshy documentation, your comprehensive guide to exploring our powerful API and plugins. Here, you will find detailed information, practical examples, and best practices to help you effectively integrate and utilize our services in your applications. Overview The Meshy API is a RESTful API that allows you to programmatically interact with Meshy. Our API has predictable resource-oriented URLs, accepts form-encoded request bodies, returns JSON-encoded responses, and uses standard HTTP response codes, authentication, and verbs. You can use it to create and get task results generated by Meshy in your own applications. To get started, you need to know the base URL for the Meshy API endpoints: BASE URL https://api.meshy.ai Copy Copied! How to Use These Docs These docs are designed to help you get started with Meshy as quickly as possible. They cover all the main features of Meshy, and provide detailed information on how to use them. On the left side of the page, you&#x27;ll find a sidebar with links to all the main sections of the documentation. You can use this sidebar to navigate to the section you&#x27;re interested in. For quick access to a specific page, you can use the search bar at the top, or the search shortcut ( Ctrl+K or Cmd+K ). Just Getting Started? For a quick introduction to using the Meshy API, check out our Quickstart page where you&#x27;ll find essential information to help you get started with your first API requests and integrations. Resources For more information about Meshy&#x27;s API and plugins, check out the following resources: Help Center Learn how to use Meshy and find frequently asked questions about our API and plugins. API Settings Manage your Meshy API keys, usage limits, and billing. Community Join our community of users and developers to get help, share your projects, and stay updated on the latest news and features. Contact Contact us via email to ask questions about Meshy API and plugins. Next Quickstart © 2026 Meshy LLC. All rights reserved. Join our Discord server Follow us on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on TikTok Follow us on LinkedIn